---
layout: post
title:  "Paper Review: MILP Models for Multi-Robot Non-Adversarial Search"
date:   2021-04-01 16:00:00 +0530
blurb: ""
---

### One-line summary
This paper attempts the Multi-robot Efficient Search Path Planning problem using Mixed Integer Linear Programming

### Terminologies
#### MESPP
In Multi-robot Efficient Search Path Planning (MESPP), a team of robots is tasked with capturing a moving target within a given deadline. In this paper, we assume that the target is non-adversial. This simply means that the target doesn't try to foil the capture team's plans and sticks to its pre-defined course of actions.

#### NP-Hard
NP-Hard problems are a class of problems, for which no polynomial-time algorithms are known to exist as yet. An NP-Hard problem can be reduced to any other problem in the NP-Hard class of problems in polynomial time. Once the given problem is proven to be NP-Hard, we can convert it to more familiar versions of NP-Hard problems for which (non-polynomial time) algorithms are known.

#### MILP
Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) is an optimization problem where only some variables are constrained to be integers, while other variables can be non-integers. It deals with linear objective function subjected to linear constraints.

#### Explicit Coordination
All robots participate in the path-planning for all robots (thus, planning in the joint path space).

#### Implicit Coordination
Multiple robots share information and plan for themselves rather than planning in the joint path space.

#### False Negatives
Target was present within sensing range but the capture robot missed it.

#### Arbitrary Capture Ranges
How far the capture robot’s sensing range can reach. Analogously, how close the capture team robots need to be to the moving target to declare the target as captured.How far the capture robot’s sensing range can reach. Analogously, how close the capture team robots need to be to the moving target to declare the target as captured.